You oops
Mr. Xiao, I'm so sorry.
Before?
I didn't know this blue dream was yours
If offended
Please Haihan
It's okay. Wrap it up for me.
I'm taking it now and I should
You're welcome, Xiao Zhang.
Sir, the comment is agreed today.
I pay for all expenses.
But it's yours.
This pariah
How could there be such a precious blue diamond?
Are you mistaken about this diamond?
It was when the manager of Wuji kept lending it to me
Admit it yourself
This blue dream belongs to Mr. Xiao
Wuji store manager, you are
You should also know
At the Zhao family birthday banquet a few months ago
Wang Ruofu offended Wuji Dianzun Shi
The news that led to the complete downfall of the Wang family
The history of Wuji Dianzun is you Xiao Wuji
You are the same as Wang Ruofu
It's all about family power
Running amok
That's right.
Go back and tell Li Zhifei
Close the board of directors within one month
Otherwise, it's a family destruction
Li family
It's over.